# QuickSortAnalysis
A C++ project to generate numbers, sort them, then record the time of the sorts

All f10-f100000, s10-s100000 folders are the unsorted and sorted numbers used in the analysis. t10.txt-t100000.txt are the raw output times for the sorting.

1) Run "make". This will generate three executables.

-Newman_Jared_QuickSort [inputFile] [outputFile]	
	Basic quicksort program. First arguement is the file you want to sort, 
	the second is the name of the file you want to save the sorted numbers to.

	ex: ./Newman_Jared_QuickSort input.txt output.txt

-Newman_Jared_Generate [sampleSize]
	Generates the mass of files used to analyze a large sample size. 
	The arguement is a number: 10, 100, 1000, 10000 or 100000; the sample size.
	It will generate 100 text files of the sample size in their respective folder fX.

	ex: ./Newman_Jared_Generate 10
		-Will generate 100 files containing 10 numbers

-Newman_Jared_MassSort [sampleSize]
	Sorts an entire folder generated by the generator command. Takes a number
	the same way that generator does. Each sorted sample size will be saved into their
	respective sX folder. The quicksort time of every file in the target folder
	will be saved to a tX.txt file.

	ex ./Newman_Jared_MassSort 10
		-Will sort every file in the f10 folder. The all of the sorted files are then
		 saved to the s10 folder. Times for sorting every file are saved to t10.txt

NOTE: gen and masssort only meant to be used together, probably won't work outside of their operations.

2) Run "make clean" to remove all data and execution files.
